   Main characteristics
   basic thought
   The basic idea of Linux has two points: first, everything is a file; second, 
every software has a certain purpose. The first detail is all system are attributed
 to a file, including command, software and hardware, operating system, process,
 and so on for the operating system kernel, are regarded as have their properties
 or type of file. As to say that Linux is based on Unix, to a large extent is 
because the basic idea is very similar.
   Completely free
   Linux is a free operating system, users can freely access through the network
 or other means, and can be arbitrarily modify its source code. This is what 
other operating systems can't do. It is because of this, from hundreds of thousands
 of programmers around the world to participate in the modification of the Linux,
 the preparation work, programmers can according to their own interest and Inspiration
 of the change, which makes Linux absorbed the essence of countless programmers, 
continue to grow.
   Fully compatible with POSIX1.0 standard
   This makes it possible to run the common DOS, Windows program, in Linux, by means 
of the corresponding simulator. This laid the foundation for the user to go to Linux
 from Windows. Many users in the consideration of the use of Linux, it is thought of
 a common procedure in the Windows before the normal operation, this point to 
eliminate their doubts.
   Multi user and multi task
   Linux supports multiple users, each user has its own special rights for their own
 file equipment, to ensure that the user does not affect each other. Multiple tasks
 are now one of the most important features of a computer, Linux can make multiple
 programs at the same time and run independently.
   Good interface
   Linux at the same time with a character interface and graphical interface. In the
 character interface, the user can input the corresponding instructions to operate
 the keyboard. It also provides a Windows graphical interface similar to the X-Window
 system, the user can use the mouse to operate. In the X-Window environment and in 
the Windows similar, can be said to be a Linux version of the Windows.
   Support multiple platforms
   Linux can be run on a variety of hardware platforms, such as x86, 680x0, SPARC,
 Alpha and other platforms. In addition, Linux is an embedded operating system, 
which can be run on a handheld PC, set top box or a game console. January 2001 release
 of the Linux 2.4 version of the kernel has been able to fully support the Intel 64 
bit chip architecture. At the same time, Linux also supports multi processor technology.
 Multiple processors simultaneously work, so that the system performance is 
greatly improved.