    Understanding the history of embedded systems today.
    Since the early 1980s, the embedded systems programmers start with commercial
 grade "operating system" to compile the embedded application software, which makes 
it possible to get shorter development cycle, lower development funds and higher 
development efficiency, "embedded system" really appear. The exact point when the 
operating system is a real-time kernel, the real-time kernel contains many traditional
 operating system features, including task management, inter task communication, 
synchronization and mutual exclusion, interrupt support, memory management, and 
other functions.
    Among the more famous are System VRTX company's Integrated, System Incorporation
 Ready (ISI) PSOS and VxWorks IMG, QNX, QNX, etc.. The embedded operating system is 
embedded in the typical characteristics: both of them use preemptive scheduling, 
response time is very short, task execution time can be determined; system kernel is
 very small, with cutting, expansion and portability and can be transplanted to a 
variety of processors; strong real-time and reliability, suitable for embedded 
applications. The emergence of these embedded real-time multi task operating system
 makes the development of the application developers liberated from the small scale,
 and also makes the embedded system have a wider application space.
    Since the 1990s, with the real-time requirements increase, the rising scale of 
software, real time kernel gradually developed as a software platform for real-time
 multi task operating system (RTOS) and gradually become the mainstream of the embedded
 system. At this time, more companies see the broad prospects for the development
 of embedded systems, began to develop their own embedded operating system. In addition
 to the above several established companies, but also the emergence of OS Palm, WinCE,
 embedded Linux, Lynx, Nucleux, as well as the domestic Hopen, Os Delta and other 
embedded operating system. With the development of embedded technology, more and more
 extensive, it is believed that there will be more embedded operating system software.